 as far as 184 statistics, the number of britishs in the united kingdom had to pay tax 832.
 it would be necessary if the convention entered into or into states legislation, if promulgated with article 4 of article 4.
 in the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance of economic performance in the 1 quarter of 1993 is quite good.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates after consultation.
 the 1 step in the phase ii methodology requires the basis for grade grade as a basis for remuneration.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price price of these attractions may still continue.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate in the shopping centers and the market stalls are expected to be the highest rate of 5 years.
 the situation in peace-keeping situations is most difficult to predict, because it is forecast that the assumptions in the year are likely to emerge.
 it must be necessary to take care of the intentions, not instruments of instruments.
 a spokesman for the israeli a spokesman said that the occupying forces had to wait for long.
 some people believe that this action would not be possible if it was open and transparent.
 this is very useful for member states to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 the united nations family family association was established in january 1996 and is now major non-governmental organizations for reproductive health.
 the state party submits the most critical health problems affecting women in the country.
 it has exercised its powers to the power of international treaties, which is in fact a subject of international law.
 although the activities are still limited, the scale of future space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and effort to bring the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who violate the law should be allowed to recognize that the international community is the united nations council decisions and action.
 parents cannot afford to do so, and the responsibilities of the teachings to schools and teachers.
 " we are happy to see one country, two systems, and the people of hong kong people enjoy the results of this system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the group of 21, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that hos scheme must be avoided with private property market and maintain the sales of two sales targets.
 we explore the strengthening of the strengthening of the united nations system in close consultation with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 chief executive was elected by an election election committee.
 as a result of a installation of secured security, the person must take appropriate attention to prevent the installation of that device.
 it has also established an international e-business network in the country and successfully carried out the 1 foreign trade electronic tender.
 the gdp growth rate of gdp in 1996 was 4.9% to 5.0% in real terms.
 after visiting china's visit to visit hong kong in the first time of china, the woman's king and loved to hong kong will take place in october this year.
 the government of chile has a strong protest against a new nuclear device on 8 june 1996.
 as a result of the reasons stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers is not in principle.
 such a decision should be made by the president of the president of the president of the group of regional groups.
 the economic and long-standing problems of the two countries have led to the government of the republic of belarus and the government of ukraine to provide prompted to the organization.
 delegations of the world trade organization delegation of the world trade organization (fef) group of the united nations trade organization on economic and the united states.
 on the other hand, hen's family, who was a student in the university of surich university, was then decided to select chinese.
 however, the committee notes that the services of the state would not have any advantage.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of the system of education systems, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that the use of internet users would be required to register on the banks.
 mr tsang will express our gratitude to the marine department and other interested parties.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, some a number of solutions on these groups require a number of preconditions.
 the 88 tropical cyclone warning at the hong kong city is gradually returning to normal.
 it is regrettable that the draft resolution prepared for the conference was incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities are really hopeful of these problems.
 the official languages of the conference include english, russian, french, spanish, spain, this year this year, romania.
 in dealing with transactions in dealing with local transactions, the respective shares of local financial institutions and local non-residential customers, with respective shares of local financial institutions and local non-residential customers.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey hosts for more multi-storey single quarters.
 it is important to find that there should be results, which will be feasible to multilateral cooperation.
 the culprit was arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 concern was expressed for the contribution of contributions to humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has filed a ruling on this subject, so the chamber was sent to france.
 the slow-down in the economic slowdown in these countries has adverse effects on the advancement of economic progress and the stability of social stability.
 the week is 1.7 days.
 our socialist countries through the united nations, through the united nations, has entered into interaction with the south and south east.
 3, special emphasis on local, enterprise and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play an essential role to enable the information technology to develop efforts in developing countries.
 " it's not possible to know the sword, " he said.
 (15) in terms of words and thinking.
 the terrorist attacks took place since 11 september.
 the ministry of china's ministry of china's ministry of china's ministry of china's ministry of china's ministry of health and control of avian flu is quite effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of united nations peace-keeping forces can be brought to prevent possible errors of violence that may cause the violence.
 however, at this critical juncture, it is important that the terrorist coalition must clearly recognize and recognize their enemy.
 i very much hope that the executive will have a better dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the representative of a spokesman for the representative of a spokesman commended the efforts made by unifem for the response to the response.
 the chinese government intends to start in early next year to establish 13 coal " bases in the country.
 at keelung river, the ancient town of keelung is a hundred-year-old town, which is just stepping up a modern path.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision exercise, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card operations of the institution.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the state of state or government or by the state party concerned.
 the contents of the publications are widely concerned about the development of a number of social and economic areas.
 the overwhelming majority of member states have shown that they had a tendency to increase the councils permanent and high-permanent membership.
 customers can be selected for a period of six months after the issue of special stamps issued for six months.
 the deputy secretary for education and manpower, mr joseph wong, is the deputy secretary for education, and the education department and the education department.
 in 1971, hong kong was a director of education, which has established an education foundation for a non-profit consortium.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of electors and election activities that might have implications for judges.
 the south pacific states member states of the pacific announced its intention to resume nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age of graduation is 15 years old.
 service fees are $ 2020.
 in many cases, the bulldozers were in many cases or even in many cases.
 these actions are the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officers, and the humanitarian and peace-keeping and public.
 in fact, i would like to go to the relevant people associated with the european parliament.
 at present, a rapid change in the concept of national sovereignty, national self-determination, national security and the maintenance of peace.
 such enquiries can be made to identify the responsibilities of the real responsibilities of space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, statements were made by the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the joint chairman, mr. shamm.
 the committee affirms its need to strengthen the process of nation-building, consolidation of the rule of law, the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such a body.
 the palestinian people and residence have been destroyed and the israeli army arrived at the scene.
 the content of the text is even more stringent, simple and more even more even more even.
 this has also caused high priority to the people of the government, but also the high priority of government departments and experts.
 he didn't talk about what he might need to take a halt.
 we have no doubt that the academics of scholars who have professional knowledge about political academics have not been heard.
 as the saying goes: " there is no mistake. "
 the overwhelming majority of the national party is expected to be able to accelerate the speedy of the new millennium democratic party.
 in the days of the days of the day, there is a lot of lights, such as " winds " in the past.
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan's tourism industry is optimistic.
 the most common aspects of the existence of functional jurisdictions are the navigation and adoption of the exclusive economic zone in the area.
 the spokesman reminded the public to make a report to the police.
 margaret chan officially elected the director-general of the world health organization on september 9, becoming the first chinese in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in accordance with the international court of justice, the law on extradition is under the international court day.
 the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948 to a new era of relations between states.
 the committee commends the extensive protection of human rights in the constitution of slovenia, in particular to guarantee women's human rights.
 er, it was said that there was no white spot.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historic process of history, and the process has begun, as well as in multiple political difficulties.
 following the publication of the government's government's government's department's homepage, the number of visitors from april 6000 has risen to almost 60000 in november.
 there have been no such circumstances in the previous case or in the case of the commission.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the accomplishments of the work of the nuclear work must depend on the competence of its members and the committee.
 the letter shall be signed by the original school.
 the current contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we have to pursue the quality of " quality ".
 the country generally felt that the international community had no action to terminate the conflict.
 the user requirement is to assess the damage caused by floods and infrastructures.
 therefore, the government will also be prepared to consider the co-operation of co-operation between the two exchanges and renewal of hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist in implementing the confidence-building measures decided by the three ministers in september and october.
 the minimum and maximum limits of the criminals, the lowest and the maximum limits of an offence, are the lowest and maximum limits.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by a genuine gun.
 in the waiting time for an analysis of the waiting time for analysing care, the applicant can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 a modern way of life is an example.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and and harmony in harmony and to promote the development of different peoples of the world.
 on food prices, i do not know what the business community can do.
 this will not only enhance the ability of local production films, which can lead to the establishment of services in the middle of asia. "
 i would like to understand that, in our view, our real picture lies with the status of members from the last 17 years.
 in the case of good health, symptoms of symptoms are a minor.
 coordination is also appropriate for the work of the united nations relevant agencies of the united nations.
 in the face of marketing products, parents can make a better one of the most suitable for the individual.
 if the number of double-digit double figures, the consequences will be very serious.
 there will be no resettlement of vietnamese people and lao, who will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing should be maintained before the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that hong kong residents have travel and freedom of immigration.
 they also felt that this might create an precedent, leading to a notice of notification of all types of vessels.
 right.
 since the government has already been aware of the question, it was also heard that the government will never give us the legal advice to us.
 as at the end of august 1997, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong.
 to date, the air and land shipment of more than 30 tons of aid were transported from the air and land in land.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the challenges of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 in this way, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was impossible to carry out trade in egypt.
 madam president, in fact, the right of a small number of people is not a small number of people.
 the delay in which the delay will affect the credibility of about about talk.
 146, the private sector and the foundation of the private sector has increased significantly in the interest of the united nations and the united nations.
 there are no other comments on the part of the housing department.
 i am very excited.
 there are two identification cards, one of which is that the israelis and the other is to the residents.
 as a result of time, i have not been able to complete all services.
 the recent developments in recent political developments in recent years seem to help hong kong an early settlement of this problem.
 the model component consists of the development models and tracing models in the development of a persian gulf.
 9 percentage of this growth comes from changes in currency exchange rates.
 typically illegal arms transactions are carried out on administrative facilities from the control of arms and export.
 switzerland does not tolerate the use of the financial system in switzerland to take advantage of the financial systems of switzerland.
 most of the job vacancies are able to apply for graduates from diploma or graduate graduates, which is mainly ranging from 8 to $ 166000.
 the total value of the project completed by the principal contractors in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the commission's functions, please see the provisions of the financial and capital markets act.
 it is hoped that the national television station in the near future was in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth of commonwealth is a significant complement to the official activities of the commonwealth.
 in the view of the chinese delegation, the efforts of the international nuclear disarmament efforts are around the vertical interconnection, prospects for future.
 therefore, the honourable leung has more time to write more time, so i give support to my support.
 the observer for the americans, africa and the american association of americans believe that non-crogenants are argentines.
 " we are planning to conduct a survey in the next three years to grasp the performance of the university graduates.
 it is not clear that the chinese side's version is to be an excuse for hong kong officials to the mainland.
 the college of commissioners was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law has developed the criteria for the conduct of such parties (the signatures, dependent on both sides and certification services).
 it is therefore expected that the rate of capacity-building in national programmes is expected to be low.
 the committee will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the special administrative region supports the mainland to join the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, in the saharan africa, the saharan africa has only a phone.
 the press must respect the dignity and integrity of personnel and bodies.
 the israeli authorities have also been closed on several occasions between the gaza strip and egypt at a number of days.
 as a result of the speeding up, the cost of transport costs has been reduced, and all sectors have been benefited.
 like chao chao-chie, a writer, a writer, appliances or litt's name.
 36. the 2 is to absorb the development of talented people in hong kong.
 she would like to see what can be done, such as radio, television, lectures, writing, singing, singing and waro.
 when we talk about taiwan's growth in taiwan, it is very difficult to look at the impact of unspr.
 calculation of freight costs can be based on a higher value value.
 in fact, the secretary for housing is invited to talk about this and explains that there is no relationship with the reconstruction area.
 the advisory team has entrusted an independent expert group to encourage consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i have not been able to see, but often hear of such reports.
 (a) interested parties who are interested in renting the cyberport must apply for formal application.
 in the movie, hou chu-hsien's story, " says yang chui-hsien, a young man, " says yang chui-hsien, a young man, " says yang's story. "
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, director of health, said that some four years later could be achieved.
 very difficult.
 the proportion of women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, of whom 1<unk>3 of them are management positions.
 the court believes that the buyer did not meet the duty of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should be held in connection with the league of arab states.
 the current session of the draft 159 member states would create a record: this will be the real olympic performance of the 1.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc and the development group of the financial centre will report on the status of hong kong's financial centre.
 the meeting felt that the mandate of holding elections was the privilege of the general assembly, rather than the privileges of the security council.
 visitors can also be able to make a lot of shopping in modern civilizations.
 we have a long-term goal to see hong kong's development into a region of asia.
 at the meeting, the director of social welfare, mr. lin cheng-yen, and the management committee of the department of social welfare, were distributed to the elderly.
 mrs selina chow has proposed to strengthen the use of the " juvenile police ".
 there was a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 as to the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that his argument would actually be misined.
 a similar situation was similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 hong kong's shipment companies will be able to make a decision on the mainland's shipment industry.
 to help the government of sierra leone and the government of sierra leone, the united states is a priority in the united states.
 according to the said history, history is historical.
 the national development framework of the transitional government provides the country's economic and social role.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expansion of the terms of reference of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the impetus of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo and the international support would be invalid.
 but industrialization partners still need to be done to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had been very actively engaged in its responsibilities.
 it is proud of the age tradition that has been shared with the whole world as a whole.
 <unk> the director of the information services department, mr. choi, will serve as director of information services on january 7, 2001.
 the dances of the dances are filled with the gods of flowers.
 the situation in the united nations is most worrying.
 as a result, there was again an urgent need for medical treatment and said that the child has already been infected with a child.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programme and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the speculator of the symons, the u.s. u.s., who will be able to look back to the world.
 the aim is to exert pressure on a 3-party basis for peace-building, peace-building, so that the ethiopians ceased to war.
 a 3 alarm fire was alarmed at a no. 3 alarm fire today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 in the people of kosovo, the people of the community should not allow them to be dragged, and should encourage the people of the community to encourage the future.
 everyone should not forget that these are public funds and is absolutely not to waste.
 on the other hand, the local university degree in local universities will increase in the year.
 i have recently visited various sectors of the population.
 a copy shall be sent to the prosecutor or the person to submit a copy of these written statements.
 qin says that soong chu-yu will arrive at the 1 stop in the 1 stop in the 1 stop in the 1 stop in beijing on may 5.
 the committee also provided additional information to the delegation during the consideration of the report and after the report.
 a major train accident occurred on 22 of the north korean railway station on 22 north road.
 the activities of the activities included in the activities of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers, lawyers and journalists.
 i am not agreeing to the sentiments of the people of hong kong.
 the acts of trafficking in humans, including the wearing of clothing, agriculture and construction.
 i do not believe that, but i have often heard religions to promote boi love.
 therefore, before the establishment of the sar government, i am afraid that only the chinese government will be eligible to represent the future sar government.
 we need to assess the effects of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. zhenhai, commenting on mr. zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have already set out some of its provisions in some cases, in particular on the provisions of mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america is 12 per cent annually.
 the unemployment rate decreased to 19.30000, and the first time for four years to 200000 people.
 the u.s. export bank has provided funds to us$ 17800000000 in the united states to us$ 17800000000 in the world.
 two informal meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility to take legal action on pollution issues relating to the problem of the old site.
 it was proposed that 36 posts were set up for the operation of the office, while additional 18 posts were paid to the regular budget.
 in taiwan, his " 3 road " is the main reference for the government of chen shui-bian's government ".
 right, for a double-eded sword, we have the charts, um.
 in addition, the transport department has increased daily warnings on the ground at the site of a daily 8 to 12.
 political and religious freedom, not only in the constitution, not only in the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the councils attention to the situation in the central african republic.
 if he looked at the scene, the meeting was at 10:30 p.m. in the united states congress of the united states congress.
 the records of the records shall be kept later on a period of 3 years later.
 china has reduced the 2 billion people.
 a large number of bangkok in bangkok is at the end of the wto centre for the opening of the wto.
 we fully support the similar statement made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis on the urban area will be able to look at car parks in the area of nearly ming road road.
 the transfer of united nations arms transfers is a transparent measure of transparency between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that a number of local employers continue to streamline staff because of economic growth and prospects for business prospects.
 it requires the consensus of the society. "
 such penalties are only applicable to citizens of the czech republic, and no access to refugee status.
 when i went to the small child, i am deeply involved in a very serious and careful manner.
 the committee on human rights and the rights of the people of human rights also participated in the international seminar.
 the study of gender disparities and inequality affecting the impact of the risk of risk of risk.
 according to the conservative estimation of the biological and environmental protection bureau, it is estimated that the potential for commercial applications of these technology can reach a number of000000000 us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a period of two years.
 the 3 category of particular concern is the elderly.
 " the east asia region has long-standing financial surplus, and we should also be able to make better use of the financial surplus. "
 swd has contacted chen autumn-ling's family and provide psychological counselling.
 the maximum amount of accommodation for accommodation of accommodation is a maximum of 80 per cent.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategy for the post-cold-war period.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 there has been virtually no place for these people, and resources have been exhausted.
 it is also agreed that all foreign forces were invited to be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of police officers, wages, training and management recommendations are also applicable to the prison guards.
 " it also found that the loading of the bridge will be sufficient to cope with traffic, public utilities and other users. "
 now, after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been incorporated or were reflected in some international conventions.
 the buildings department has been able to do so.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters would be deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish hong kong always a day of sunlight, and our air has become a good and prosperity and prosperity and prosperity and prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries have been the main strength of economic development.
 we therefore stress the fact that the nuclear powers have been concluded by the nuclear powers to conclude the comprehensive test-ban treaty (ctbt).
 in contrast, the largest internet service in the united states maintains the ratio of each 20 user users.
 since the opening of the reform, the national and medium-sized enterprises have made significant contribution to the strategic objectives of the society.
 in my country, because of the warm warm warm warm warm warm warm warming and, the three-year-old people will be able to get a long period of 60.
 i hope that during the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general can enjoy the face of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision for the surviving of the guardian of his guardian after the appointment of the guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed upon by the conference include a uniform document model for national citizens in the region.
 this is a genuine friend.
 mr howard young: mr president, the employment of workers, employment and transfer of jobs have been plagued for some time.
 " even if they entered the taiwan strait, they should not give up " live opera ". "
 the draft articles would lose its most practical effect.
 as a result, the rate of inflation in the last year has a significant increase in inflation.
 this will no longer be allowed to allow the right to use drug and antibiotics in hong kong.
 the current age of the greek cypriot is 66 years old.
 the company's economy has also raised the same forecast for the previous weekend.
 it is also possible to provide more public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain a diversity of diversity and interest in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is considering whether an additional loan quota is required.
 the above-mentioned requirements are carried out on the basis of the code of procedure of the criminal procedure and by the judges.
 thus, it is only the only way for students to death.
 the number of basic medical supplies provided to the provision of basic medical supplies is provided at the primary level of health care facilities in unrwa.
 it is not only to re-establish the land.
 on the subject, the conference attempted to remind people that one of the 20 minutes had been killed or maimed by anti-personnel landmines.
 only when the neighbourings of the neighbouring islands, there were some crafts and crafts.
 motorists are advised to follow the traffic instructions and compliance with the police officers.
 it was surprising that, since previously, the legal adviser had been surprising, since previously, the legal adviser had been reunited by their competent acts involving defence counsel.
 in the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering expanding the possibility of expanding the existing social security system or individual scope.
 amp<unk> amp<unk> quoted the marking of their lives, which affects their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and several developing countries were declining.
 after the implementation of this scheme, many colleagues will have the first time for the first time for lifelong life.
 after his father, he subsequently told his written complaint, after his father's written complaint, the ministry of the interior reportedly said to visit him.
 other officers arrested in the vicinity were also arrested in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only place for a low-level service sector is the only local level.
 this project indicates that small businesses funded by small enterprises are based on the previous policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau's claim is the assistance of the youth charter for youth.
 three persons were arrested for conspiracy to deception the money.
 they shall be open to a step-by-step market, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 from international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the war against war against iraq.
 the real development concept should contain full respect for human rights.
 the practice of state practice shows that the duration of the option of the person concerned is large.
 the islamic state of afghanistan fervens to its consideration of the previous agenda of its deliberations, which would also be re-examined.
 countries have achieved considerable reduction in the population living in poverty, although the economic crisis caused by the asian economic crisis.
 as a result, the countries of some financial resources are not available.
 the role of neighbouring countries in the area of security and economic spheres.
 " the security council expresses its deep concern at the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed today (february 5).
 to this end, efforts should be made to achieve the goals of a multi-ethnic working group.
 he found that the development, manufacturing and sales of the world, and many world well-known consumer goods.
 at the same time, the veterinary officer also arrived at the scene of avian flu.
 the secretariat has analysed many of the mission's investigation data and verify the maintenance of the recommendations.
 if the flood problem in the northern part of the northwest new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 without legal and ethical norms, capitalism often creates drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 in formal entry into the first work of the emperor's work, chen sheng-chien, who came into the walls of the emperor, had a series of job-seekers.
 one-way carriageway of the two places can be reduced to about 40 minutes.
 the report is described as a result of the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territory.
 <unk> do not bring a large number of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 persons were shot dead, 38 per cent of the individuals were living in death.
 the working group working with international human rights services, a minority rights group, was addressed in 1997 in 1997.
 a total of 13 police officers and 13 police officers were raided in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority's best consideration would be given to control measures needed to change.
 economic growth in both developed and developing countries, as well as economies of economic restructuring, are very important in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 persons were allegedly killed by the communist party of the communist party of the communist party of nepal.
 in accordance with an act of law, a law convicted of a terrorist activity, in accordance with the existing legislation, will have a legal responsibility.
 mr president, the problem will be thoroughly resolved after the closing of the waste landfills in jordan.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 million children were killed and more than 600 million left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is a great help to develop ecological tourism. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment in the north-west of the north-west.
 as a result of the failure to make improvements or effect, the department will issued warning letters to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 moreover, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies of the world's most competitive and competitive economy.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed the construction of the construction contract at $ 680000000.
 i have read hong kong legislation to refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, there are practical cooperation in the area of non-traditional security.
 from june to july this year-august 1997 and july may to july, most of the major sectors of the major industry are stable.
 this is not easy, but if we have a quota system, we can make more people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively engaged in the drafting of the international convention for the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the factories and industrial operations (working noise) regulations, will be effective in order to implement the scheme.
 it would not be possible to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute numbers and relative numbers of poverty is growing.
 we look forward to cooperation with the industry, " the spokesman said.
 the state party argues that the same idea should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the cause of darfl conflict was a communal dispute with crop farming in the area of crop farming.
 the amendment has also been reserved for community facilities such as the development of fire services and open space facilities.
 otherwise, the international community could not have any other choice.
 the details will also be given to the introduction of the funds for the upgrading of the language capability.
 chen chen sits on the waves of winds and winds of winds and winds of winds and winds.
 as a matter of fact, the draft grison law is concerned with the fact that the current british grison law is almost.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a resource centre for the judiciary is not encouraging litigation to do so.
 the chairman of the joint conference, mr james to the chairman, said that discussions were very useful and will take follow-up action.
 we will also make preparations for the review of the district councils after the 2003 elections.
 vehicles imported by the secretariat of the secretariat, located at 1 avenue, are limited to the vehicle for the permanent representatives of permanent representatives.
 in the face of village pressures, the villagers were able to take up 320000 trees.
 <unk> 25 <unk> the institute of land reform was established as an implementation of the land transfer scheme, which is a result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the advisory committee, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 anyone who is the girl's relatives or a girl was urged to contact mong kok police station at 2398 6299.
 in 1997.
 this morning, we have a lot of time and i would like to focus on two three issues.
 to that end, the importance of education has increased the necessary means and means to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, which has also confirmed the command of the forces of the army.
 the field asset control system is a series of auditing audits to the united nations assets of assets, which is the end of the initial procurement period.
 it is not possible.
 for security reasons, it is essential for security reasons and to protect the environment, without radioactive, non-confidence, non-dimissions and without chemical reactions.
 the offence of treason is in the common law system.
 worse is that, as a result of the existence of a devastating destruction of the destruction of nuclear weapons, it seems that the threat of the destruction of nuclear weapons seemed to be rooted.
 in the village, the village was scared away.
 armed conflict in darfur region began in february last year.
 the rights of a serious discrimination is the international protection of human rights, and in particular respect for plural systems.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, based on the rules, any document or addresses of any document.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that the hong kong ranks will pick up in the future.
 the choice of the choice is whether the contract was reached.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge.
 they want to return back to desal.
 at that time, governor chris patten is busy with the conservative party election.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on friday, november 16, 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one defendant has been sent to court trials.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, in particular the lives of children, is always sad, and sadly beyond the national and religious boundaries.
 the roving of the operation included $ 50000.
 in recent years, the world economy has changed rapidly.
 these guidelines have been listed on the web pages of the buildings department and have been distributed to all management companies and owners.
 they believe that the science and theory of technology could not be used in science and theoretical.
 while member states demanded the field representative, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb took place near the city of the city of the city.
 members of the security security security security guard, as well as personal personality, will receive special permits to the security and security office.
 the latest maps of the latest maps and the images of the new access are prompted to rescue agencies.
 the scheme is a 15000000 citizen service, including students, men, women and children, no discrimination.
 however, mine-clearance activities have been carried out in the mandate of the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies.
 the kingdom of cambodia is committed to the protection of law protection and protection of the human rights of these persons.
 once again, once again, the housing department has asked the housing department to ask for further inspection.
 the drop-out rate of girls in secondary schools is still higher than boys, secondary school and university, males and university.
 on the other hand, there was a cross-off between the two sides of both cyns and the educated conflict.
 there is no difficulty in setting up and access to such private schools.
 he never imagined that she had changed her decision because of his experience.
 the transport department is advised to receive a warning letter to the transport department.
 it is in the hands of the united states, er, er, er, er, er.
 chairman of the environment for environment and capital, the president of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in their investments, it is not so so as to turn to business.
 consideration should also be given to changes in the international system over the past decade, especially the dissemination of globalization and new technologies.
 there is something that we cannot say.
 the united states market for the elimination of sugar quotas in the united states market has been proposed.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 more than 3 children have been released, but the next day, the next day is also the same day.
 mr. p.m., the modernization of the hksar.
 the more voters go to vote, the more our 1 legislative council will be representative.
 a long-range ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic missiles can be carried out within 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough enough, i believe that he will be able to take a break.
 it is clear that it is an administrative body.
 an armed attack on the turkish cypriot movement was a ethnic cleansing campaign against turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also include models.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand details of the case. "
 the delegation of china expresses its appreciation to the delegations that have contributed positively to the subject.
 no person went to him.
 with regard to a destabilization of the situation of marriage, she asked whether the causes of the family division had been identified.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) and appointed the appointments of members of the commission and the special adviser.
 he will have major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 therefore, the importance of greater improvement and access to information is made available for the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important groups in all levels.
 the delegation said that this is the result of the fact that the majority was caused by external forces from control groups and individuals.
 " it's all the past and the efforts of the present one of the past and the present time, " he said.
 the presentation ceremony was held in january next year.
 in order to enhance the standard of living and improving services of children, parents have to pay certain costs on household income.
 however, further efforts are required to make further efforts to enhance the results of the work of the public, as well as the national authorities concerned.
 those responsible for the implementation of these criminal acts should not be allowed to support these criminal acts.
 on july 26 this year, a taxi guard was seen in sha tin and saw a security guard with two burglary suspects.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their own action.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing of marketers can only take care of their best contact or liaison.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that expatriates in territorial territory shall be protected by the law of the republic of haiti.
 over three years of time, the member states of the european union have to act on 6 june 2000.
 in this respect, the pfp has been anger in a press conference and was painted by a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continues to be sustained by the japanese economy.
 there is no use of the people of others, and it is unrealistic.
 in addition, it is necessary to be able to sell the plates to be able to be able to sell their divers.
 in the past year, the fish in the taiwan province of taiwan has spent six years, but it is not easy to cultivate fish technology in the near future.
 despite the issuance of the international community, the security council adopted numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 the hkma will implement the regulation and standards of regulatory practices in accordance with the provisions of the sfc.
 for the first time, the stars returned to stars for the first time.
 we want to see the true universality of the university of peace, which is truly a truly global mission.
 population estimates are an important parameters for projection and projections, as well as the planning and research of private and commercial institutions.
 more than five years ago, the chinese new year's lunar new year.
 the united states government admits that the diplomatic bank of cuba should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 2, the decision is to pay for the purposes of a compulsory category.
 during the competition, students are obliged to cope with accidents, such as water power, black-headed attacks, equipment, equipment, etc.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and to implement recommendations.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not have a special reference to the use of politors in order to conceal the problem with one or a company.
 it is also strange to say that the chinese people would like to avoid the name of their names.
 staff of the department of health have made their families to provide health education and disinfection at their home.
 i would now like to talk about the issue of post-conflict peace-building.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations had also submitted that the high commissioner should take the initiative to follow the implementation of the recommendations made by the special rapporteur.
 at the time of the international community to take the necessary action to take the necessary action, we refuse to stay in a single area.
 we are watching the process of resolving the question of palestine in the middle east issue.
 if members of the council agree, i do so.
 these include a threat to the concept of sovereignty, including the concept of sovereignty.
 the maintenance of world security and peace in the world cannot be removed from the development efforts of the international community.
 a state of emergency in a number of parts of the state was again extended again on 15 december.
 following a few days after the occupation of mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile makes it very useful for the threat, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's government has the government's government's policy to adopt a platform for the application of the application of the application system.
 in addition, there are 106 private care centres in 157 and 106.
 after this incident, both sides have taken military action, but the front situation has not been significant.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a number of new novels.
 however, immediate action will be taken by the relevant departments concerned.
 the committee may provide new images of images with the commission's databases and recently recently made recently.
 the estimate of a 10 per cent vacancy factor.
 the use of natural gas from coal to natural gas will also reduce the emission of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, the large establishment unit refers to 100 more than 100 or more and more than 50 or more.
 in accordance with article 23 chapter section 2 of the country's penal code, the penalty for the preparation or a total of compensation is lower than applicable to the highest crime.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>82, from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang wang (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): it was the death of the kingsssan ii ii of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan operation of rwanda and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 of them are implemented by non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 are sponsors.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the special concerns of spain.
 it would be impossible for the automobiles to be found in the post.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (" " smes ") apply the capacity of information technology.
 8 days later, the usa and the usa is two separates.
 more than 2000 bossorlands will be displayed at the hong kong parks room from 13 to 16 this year.
 the survey will provide a reliable and timely information on the standard of living in the territory, particularly poverty.
 one of the hot hot spots of the family is the 1 new brand of new brands this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's legislation in 1993 is the general trend of human rights in the world.
 it is also known to know that the mamiliation is effective, and it is also very effective.
 15 catholics and the heads of the humanitarian organization of the united nations, as well as his staff, were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he suggested that the legislation was revised in 1999 to give more investigative powers and independence in the competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china, japan and japan, held in beijing.
 he will be published by the hong kong trade development council and the association of the french employer association.
 if taking into account the interests of each other, the international community can cooperate together.
 the ministry of finance ordered the replies to the procedure on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary goal is to stabilize the property market, and that property prices will not be big. "
 mr lau ping-cheung has just said just now. if the application is to apply, it would be said that it would be the case <unk>
 the sponsor delegation said that the text of the proposal could be found to be found in article 10 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the state must begin to collect data related to its stockpiling and production of history.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are undp from various relevant bodies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> <unk>
 i believe that many people do not agree with this view, but it will oppose the road departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the transport <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon by all those in the region.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the offensive in the southern part of the state of state and continued to be offensive in the south-east of the country.
 if we decide to extend the scheme, we intend to extend the programme to provide assistance to the problem of labour shortages.
 using germany's flight trains, the cost of speed and speed is $ 80000000000.
 the court was received by the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 this type of work is still being made by the division and needs to be taken into consideration and ratification.
 police will take special arrangements on the hong kong island to take special traffic arrangements in order to meet the community.
 during the private universities, the private universities also give relief fees to the student economic situation.
 improving our relationship with egypt and the restoration of multilateral negotiations to further achieve the common goal of the peoples of our region.
 his country's strength is very strong, and he has been very strong, and he has been able to paint it.
 in some police officers, the question of the question of the attack was made.
 however, it has shown that those cynders were not sold at medical use.
 it welcomed the ratification of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon states.
 israel continued to make the opening of the tunnels under the al-qaqsa mosque in al-qudsa mosques.
 as a matter of fact, the travel industry council has not received any complaint by the travel industry council.
 " i believe you will become an important asset asset, " he said.
 he then said.
 in the ministry of defence, the depreciation of the ministry of defence has been operating in order to reflect the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, it can be said that, in any case, i am sure that we should not relax our spirit.
 the private car immediately removed the scene along sha tsui street to flee the scene.
 although the evidence is substantiated, they are still in defence, saying that they do not have " changed ".
 governments have adopted various approaches to control these monopolies.
 it must be noted, however, that, in view of their respective roles and mandates, it is not appropriate, and it is not appropriate, " he said.
 i believe not only the future will not only affect the future.
 the political impacts of the environment and the environment, even in the light of the words, have been made to the level of development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as the army is like the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this led to a drop in the gaza strip and led to salt water from sea to east.
 i believe this week in this week this week has demonstrated our commitment to the international health terror.
 i also express my appreciation and appreciation for the secretary-general for his gratitude and appreciation for his consideration by the secretary-general.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 on its part, argentina, after several decades of political instability, has adopted a sacrifice of rebuild democracy.
 in the west of the west, it is only the hearts of her many legends.
 it is important that the people of hong kong are well known to the city of the city.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the oceans work.
 in history, there are no other children who died after their death.
 we 've got the entire continent as a whole, and brings brightness on the whole continent.
 as the chairman of the newly established advisory committee, i shall be able to set up a good basis for the setting up of the ad hoc ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become an ethical means to implement the international community as a whole.
 cocaine seizures in croatia were low in croatia in recent years reported seizure seizures of 913 kg cocaine in 2000.
 in this connection, pakistan supported the proposal of mexico by the united nations and the relevant bodies of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (c) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industry.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle and was reportedly taken away by a police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be carried out in a more effective and more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has already proposed the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to define information on the user, and evaluation of work.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement is in my short way than my short, but i now speak on a shorter basis.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of the international forum on anti-terrorism issues.
 the 1 circuit court of the united states court of the united states was overthrowing the final judgement of the court.
 with regard to this point, 30000 displaced persons and internally displaced persons in the northern part of kagaga province have received assistance in the northern part of kaga province.
 as a result of the war and air strikes at the end of july, some international groups had had to leave city.
 in response to the current economic environment, we urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training courses, " the spokesman said.
 at best, i can only stop the local saying that the government is only one's mouth.
 at present, the operating budget of the current operation is: unhcr receives a total of $ 40 per year.
 a 10 per cent payment shall be established on 31 december, based on a 10 per cent payment, to compensate for the floating of exchange rates.
 the president and his wife are unanimous.
 the ministerial conference on world trade will be convened by the seattle of the world trade conference.
 mr tien said that on the 1 of these 1 issues, the panel recommended that the basic capabilities of the language, university graduates and professional groups should be attained.
 it is not right to do so.
 periodic receives and <unk> 7 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 any person affected by the revised project may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board prior to february 24.
 as regards the contents of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically supporting.
 on the contrary, the import of imports of ecuador has risen to climbing up to 2<unk>3 and colombia's growth in colombia.
 the recent example is to build a dispute on the integrity of country parks.
 the contents of the various types of projects envisaged are contained in article 11 of the procurement law.
 a keynote will be held in the workshop on the part of the hong kong institute of surveyors.
 the 12 teenagers arrested on january 15, were also released on bail pending further enquiries.
 it is not at all possible levels to inform israel's ministry of foreign affairs, but there is no progress at the moment.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to collect anti-terrorist activities in the east caribbean region.
 she would also like to know how to select the non-governmental organizations, they provide what information and the committee on how to use them.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i represent the democratic party's debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supported the director-general to implement policies, but the state should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 the 15 different different countries.
 a legal assistance in accordance with the procedure provided in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be resolved to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least them, are able to return to their homes.
 the list of countries should be punished by the list of states that direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung.
 as to the underemployment rate, the underemployment rate was also observed in the construction industry, with the transport industry and the transport industry.
 owing to the constraints of the budgetary constraints, some restrictions were imposed on the costs and expenditure of lawyers.
 this must be an exception to which there is no exception for the duration of an exception.
 on every weekend, the time of the weekend, these places were crowded over the weekends.
 the bank does not wish to make a difference in which the government has instructed banks to deal with their business.
 for further enquiries, please call 240 939<unk> advance seats: 273499.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can take a unit to study.
 a detailed statement of the procedure for asset (bankment accounts) in article 190 to 201 of the georgian penal code.
 " we believe that we need to be extended to training and traffic.
 since the united nations has established 50 years since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the dictated dictatorships in the continent.
 we are not in favour of taking pressure on the process of resolving the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask what i do not <unk>
 he was released for a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty against anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 shall be considered by the international institutional framework for more specific activities.
 1970-1975 of the embassy of the soviet embassy in italy.
 the legal activities of the legal activities of the conflict should be developed by the legal activities of the conflict.
 preconditions should be a fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all flats in the home ownership scheme will continue to be sold at the home ownership scheme.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 5300 300, compared with 32000 deaths.
 however, i have raised it because of this problem, because the question of this problem reflects the fact that the democation of the balkans and the people of the people.
 in the future of hong kong's future, the chinese leaders said: " the chinese people can do so. "
 more than any other group, they need the attention of the family, social and government attention and care.
 it has reportedly been reported that they had exported food in the area of pollution, which are in other parts of the food, and then as cleaner food.
 with regard to the choice of children's choice, luxemb was retained in the ratification of this convention.
 they also agreed to discuss and agree to the need to prevent weapons into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss serious discussions with the industry and listen to their views.
 i would also like to have a small number of persons who want to be killed and i would like to go to all victims of thousands of victims.
 when we talk about women's edition of all copyrights in taiwan.
 the overall plan has focused on helping girls and women.
 he strongly reaffirmed that the administration and palau are determined to safeguard the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the communist party of the communist party of the communist party had arrived in the wake of the revolutionary riots.
 at the time of the promotion of chickens, there are a number of people with a large number of chinese colons and jewels, and to promote the development of the fisher.
 the advisory committee requested that the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding has not been received so far.
 in this context, the committee endeavours to understand the fullness of iraqi iraq.
 the special rapporteur had visited rwanda.
 those who have lost fighting.
 the main reason for the unreported balance of undependent balances was a major reason to terminate the programme.
 furthermore, as a member of the international community, we will continue to make a direct contribution to the palestinians.
 in the field of remote sensing and practical application of satellite remote sensing in satellite remote sensing.
 under the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region are all permanent residents.
 40 enterprises in the service industry have received loans from $ 216000 during the reporting period, creating or saved 79 jobs.
 at the beginning of june, members of the council participated in the drafting of the nuclear tests carried out by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations itself to provide assistance to my country.
 we are persuaded to persuade their friends to learn about their own and honesty.
 after a few months later, the storm is also polied and hong kong, which will have a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, like the advent of the landscape, he was closed yesterday.
 after protesting the protests, some of the people's emotions were deeply emotional and constantly dismissed, and the police used to dispersed the crowd.
 the work programme of the establishment of a trade point is only in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is to respect the civil servants to discuss them to discuss the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the system of pension systems, which is more than the impact of the impact on men.
 (c) the office of the force office: as a result of the information dissemination of the office, it was sensitive to two local level posts.
 in fact, we have decided to reduce the expected increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the department of community development division's department of development and family support divisions have already undertaken publicity campaigns, national families, exhibitions and similar activities.
 gizmon said: " from channels of channels and strategic partnerships, the exhibition was extremely successful.
 the international community should adopt a comprehensive approach to human rights in a fair and equal manner.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments are a strategic strategy for the prevention of conflict and diversity.
 the 2 text of the joint declaration of the joint declaration is also seeing article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked for me.
 the us dollar deposits increased by 17.6 per cent in july and november, after increased by 17 per cent in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 however, women's ability to participate in the community will depend on the economic and social rights of the country.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committee clearly reflected the urgency of a common concern of all humanity.
 there is an end to their despair and suffering.
 " we are committed to the preservation of all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of these positions, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 after all of us$ 20000000000, it is, after all, $ 123000000 to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rental indices of the consumer price index reflected the changes in rents paid by households in hong kong.
 in the jurisdiction of this approach, the focus on whether the proceeds will proceed to the original security facility.
 in his view, the preparatory work of the beijing olympics in beijing will be able to host the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issues in the production of productive employment in february this year.
 the mode of economic measurement can be done, and we will have to face a very severe situation.
 in 2000, the protection of women in the workplace of the workplace is prohibited from 18 to 21 weeks.
 the actual installation of paraguay is also a major improvement, causing the river transit corridors as a 2 key transport route for road transport.
 welcome everyone to see.
 the financial secretary has also agreed to show that the financial secretary has made it clear that we look forward to the implementation as soon as possible.
 in the case of the public, it is also the importance of the people of the general assembly, and also the art culture.
 in most countries, the population is far faster than the overall population growth.
 at 2 am today (friday), a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, the archives of the national archives were also looted on 12 may 1994.
 today, i am invited to officiate at the opening of the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology exhibition.
 their discipline has been disciplinary, and the conduct of the conduct is to be the united nations.
 these proposals have been a lot of public opinion over the years, and we have made suggestions from the masses.
 " there is no undue alarm for the public, " a police spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public who know the whereabouts of those who knew that the whereabouts of the missing person is urged to contact investigating officers of the regional missing missing group of kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the system-wide review of the system-wide.
 the 7-year-old man, his voice, is well on the 100 patients.
 this incident took place on the way in which i had to go on the way to the icaka.
 as a whole, the total number of unemployed persons has been higher.
 the government of some industrial countries has already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to suspend the moratorium on the suspension of debt.
 during the century and the millennium, humankind has seen humankind and a disastrous tragedy.
 mr deputy president, in explanation of my amendment, i would like to say a few words about this kind of debate.
 the number of casualties in the armed conflict is civilians.
 the phase iii of the phase iii will be known as biotechnology revolutions.
 i understand the accuracy of the chinese government to draft the accuracy of the accuracy of the basic law of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this money provides for the growing demand for food and medicine, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: the chinese temple fund and the chinese temples fund has been enacted shortly after the promulgation of the chinese temples ordinance.
 it is well known that the voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment of recruitment is sometimes difficult to different.
 on the japanese hand, this letter was written on the day of the journal.
 at the same time, the inflation rate has sustained high levels of inflation, which is expected to be close to 10 per cent of the inflation rate.
 mr ip also mentioned that many of the electorates in the legal profession have been tired of tired.
 i would also like to agree with the amendment to reduce some of the complex administrative requirements.
 it is clear that i do not need to repeat again here.
 the conference was drafted to the conclusions and recommendations of the 1 session of the review commission.
 the management system is a complex project, which will have a profound impact on the management of personnel, budgets and financial work.
 if it is still not enough to be able to venture together, they will be able to venture together with friends.
 in line with relevant measures, customs officers, the fire services department, lands and the planning department, the lands department and the planning department will proceed with the above-mentioned verification work.
 mr. wang ying-ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you for the presidency of the council.
 in addition, military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure security.
 the text of the text is to make some political choices and rights to the countries concerned by the international wrongful act.
 responding to the police, police officers conducted an investigation into the three rooms of three rooms on march 27.
 they have to be accepted by continuing professional training, their registration <unk> authorized authority to consider renewal.
 in late february each year, parents who need to take part in the uniform allocation will need to be invited to attend schools in march.
 however, these technologies are very significant.
 i also said that he was not hesitated with him.
 the contradiction in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph has become more obvious.
 the minimum level of obligation to service service would be able to benefit from the benefit of every society.
 the view was expressed that the issue of compensation in the draft guide should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i only hope that only members of those who are elderly loyal to the elderly will have to be fair.
 at the time of no other speakers, the chairman agreed that the debate should be adjourned.
 he said: " you are often able to contact the darkness, or the darkest, " he said.
 i think that the ceiling level should be kept in a position to take a decision in the future.
 the sisters of the sisters are starved to starvation and salassions and storms and storms.
 " we should continue to enhance the level of service levels, and this is our expectations, " the spokesman said.
 it would be a major step in the future, ah.
 6. members of the community are now in favour of the adoption of a bill of rights to establish such freedom.
 in my view, the government is really " ourselves ".
 however, when the delegation travelled to new york, it has prevented them from aviation to prevent them from entering the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will slow down. "
 the delegation considered that the court should comply with some guidelines.
 in order to reduce money in the short term, i think the government should actively implement the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties relate to the multilateral covenant and agreement, which also included the issue of reservations on the human rights treaty.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a real democratic state for a market economy.
 it is also reported that the rwandan soldiers were reportedly allegedly detained by the rwandan soldiers, including five children.
 " we will be submitted as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural life is indeed a city-wide place, " he said.
 in a number of countries, cross-border transit can be used as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95% of the salaries and the personal income income tax will receive a tax refund in the next two weeks.
 however, we have to overcome the sadness and seriously seriously consider that it must be done.
 preparations for the 10th anniversary of women and family affairs of the department of social development, welfare and social development are responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as secretary of the coordination secretary of the administrative committee and the chairman of the organization, as well as to the secretary-general.
 this exhibition is the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information, which will end on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, the differences in life expectancy (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, the balance between administrative and legislation is a balance between administrative and legislature.
 even after the shelling of shells, there is virtually no public transport. most of them are pedestrians.
 this year may have been different.
 next, let us take a look at iraq's policy in the past.
 in addition, members can see the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 i would like to make my head, and i would like to listen to me.
 despite a good financial performance, the structural adjustment programme has not been able to reach their goals.
 right, a little distinction.
 if we hope that the united nations has a pivotal position, we must make the united nations in a step forward step forward by the united nations.
 the financial secretary referred to the " lion rock " in his budget.
 public housing estates will be responsible for repair works on the ground under the ground.
 after elected mr deputy, i believe this is my last meeting of the legislative council meeting.
 the spokesman said: " the number of industrial accidents and accidents have declined downward.
 the croatian police also operates on walk and vehicle patrols in part of their control areas.
 the three " fundamental problems ", mr cheung pointed out that this would be misunderstanding by the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the enactment of the registration scheme, the authorities will seriously consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you are consulted, and it is not appropriate to ask questions on the issue.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " blow-up " and that it would be possible to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for the last month of the last stop.
 the exports of developing countries increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit a matter with the meeting of the states parties.
 to enable her to make her shoes.
 even though there is a need for analysis data and the quantity of data, the content of the data available on data are less.
 however, the report pointed out that although the local market has food and in particular, the purchasing power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agreed that such a view was made and recommended that the current figure of 2.7 per cent should be retained.
 the achievement of the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be a precondition for the end of the fight against terrorism.
 the administration has recognized the interests of the state of sovereign states.
 however, at the present time, the current growth of the colons of the treasury has led many countries to see.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has not been determined by the under-secretary-general for the duration of the commission.
 over the years, a large number of documents proved that, as a result of the supply of water supply to water supply.
 the treaty is confined to the prohibition of nuclear weapons, but not ban nuclear tests, nuclear weapons, or production of new weapons systems.
 they said they had not been able to meet him.
 the whole can be better than its part of its part.
 (b) there will be a general public holiday on the first day of this year to cover public general public holidays into a non-plipe.
 in the light of the green paper, it is really the case of the green paper.
 in 1993, it became a member of china's appointment as a member of the panel of arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven in kowloon and 16 in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is aimed at the long-term strengthening of cooperation in the promotion and promotion of human rights and the infrastructure in infrastructure.
 the weekly week of the age group is about 5 hours.
 this phase will lead to a single repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we need to use the use of international law as the most powerful law.
 at present, scientific technology has evolved in an unprecedented scale, and the world is speeding up towards multiparization.
 the topic of co-operation between chinese and western paintings and the museum has also been brought up.
 it's a great deal with emotion.
 i addressed the response to the crisis in west africa.
 the most fundamental, however, is the fundamental commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased significantly in the activities of the european union.
 there are few indications that fiji had been in existence.
 in this way, there are no waste of people in the world.
 the brazilian brazilian brazilian turtles, foo-fo, and shells, are the most powerful species in taiwan.
 these women are also subjected to discrimination against women, or in the labour force, or in the labour force.
 (a) its economy more than 50 per cent of its economy<unk> (ii) can be generally defined in developed countries.
 today, saint lucia was the 1 time in the history of female heads of state.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations sought to influence a government.
 this type of fanay is the product of a new unilateral system of a state of a state of the other.
 recently, some of the original groups have not been able to speak and oppose direct elections in 1988.
 however, as the people restore life and political life, it would be necessary for east timor to continue in east timor.
 in the capital baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bombs, killing five dead and 19 wounded.
 for several months, the police have been charged with violations of human rights and other irregular cases or criminal cases.
 his election highlights the advantages of his various advantages, his personal qualities and his experience in international affairs.
 since the tourism industry is " people-oriented industries, they cannot survive.
 at the time of budbbs, the line shall be 173-storeys at the same time.
 in order to abolish the words ".
 at the same time, the department is not normally trained to deal with the hawkers.
 in the context of non-state security in non-state security, the debtor of the assets should also be maintained and maintenance of responsibility.
 i am confident that these arrangements, in particular, mutual assistance in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 explosions occurred in the vicinity of the scene, and the scenes of the scene in the scene were not causing casualties.
 the council has also begun to hold a new " mixed " meeting, namely, the open meeting of the membership of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures were taken in the future.
 as mentioned above, the office was not referred to in section 8 of the document.
 i accept that the constitutional affairs division is that some of the things are being close to the elections.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 the two vacancies remained to be filled and the meeting was suspended on the same day.
 the car parks adjacent to the centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in the portfolio of clients is still stable, and greatly greatly enhanced the performance of company's performance.
 many people have access to the sale of shoppings, but paying a large amount of debts to be paid.
 in mid-july this year, li li's visit to japan took part in the 8 world muscles in the 8 world's world muscles.
 the 3 least developed countries will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project was part of the comprehensive development plan of the bay island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible to note the details of the two units.
 the host also stressed the need for the participation of the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation in meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission for human settlements.
 new york, new york, december 12 <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 the seventh is well-being, and he was deeply satisfied with his satisfaction and love.
 in the " safety of hong kong's occupational safety and health management: " hong kong's occupational safety management ".
 i would like to ask you to ask you ' one thing, so he can look for you.
 a new advantage of the new airport of hong kong is the most advanced and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited number of families in the economic difficulties, many of the smaller amounts could be generated.
 as regards the contents of the draft articles, it was said that the content of the draft bill was too complicated and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, as we want to uphold hong kong's international financial centre.
 a percentage of the total resources for the biennium 2002-2003 was tabled 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the writer is not opposed to the promotion of the grass-roots level.
 at the age of 50 years of age, it was found that there are 180 degrees of his personality.
 the israeli occupying forces also collapsed into all houses in the village, destroying one house and burnt another another.
 more than those above should be invited to consult the doctor, so early as early detection and treatment.
 children prostitution are meant to be provided by child prostitution or any other forms of consideration.
 this is not a good achievement.
 meanwhile, the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further, and increased by 2% in the value of orders.
 it is equally important for african countries to face a serious external debt problem, which accounts for 1<unk>3 of these countries export earnings.
 after multi-hour debates and years of consideration, we are now going to return to it.
 in the economic and social council, there are 14 experts of the panel of experts, members of whom are involved in work with their personal capacity.
 on the other hand, tactical training is provided for more intensive tactical training.
 the project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be allowed to replace north-south cooperation, and should be viewed as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and there are many changes in the structure of the traditional family structures.
 in order to ensure the quality of quality, chinese textbooks have been set up in the chinese language textbooks.
 another another is the best to do business in the banks ' business, as long as you can't make money.
 some people were said to have been injured.
 while the delegation of ethiopia expresses its appreciation to the leadership role in the field, the topic discussed only a number of interesting issues and did not provide solutions.
 the united nations military contingent will assist in preventing those who might want to interfere in the process of democratization.
 however, there is a need to look at trade in other priorities, including education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that it was reported that the man had been transferred to the court, and the whereabouts of the whereabouts of this person.
 in order to avoid the unique interests of political parties, election campaigns should be subject to control and maintain transparency.
 it is expected that it will be completed in 2000, which will provide background information and exercises for the right to development.
 unexpectedly, he never imagined that sun shun yun's road encounter countless waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-and medium-sized enterprises (sdd) commission, mr chan wing-chuen, will submit a report to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on tuesday tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of the history of the history of the new territories, there is only a wide range of land in the new territories.
 we welcome partnership in these areas. "
 to enable the computers to make it clear, " don't " harm ", " don't " harm ". "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq appeared to be the day, regardless of the authorities or local people.
 please watch the " 5 series of new zealand's brigades in new zealand. "
 as adopted by the committee on 18 june 1998, the committee adopted the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. in the pilot process, 15 in the pilot system, it was suggested that, in the course of the experimental system, it was suggested that there was a greater impact on participation in the district.
 a few programmes on this seminar have been broadcasted on a number of programmes of the seminar.
 if a person is not satisfied with the age of 65, it is not entitled to receive a pension for the minimum wage.
 in general, such information will not be disclosed.
 qing ching-ming has always made a sincere commitment to the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent agencies to conduct an immediate basis for a review of the international standards of international standards.
 " the labour department will provide suitable vacancies for non-resident graduates to find suitable vacancies in the scheme. "
 since china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing, this cooperation has enabled two companies to be prepared.
 recently, one from the university of hong kong, a university of hong kong, was attended by the university of hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has played a balance of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft, then he was cut off his hand, and he also assured the safety of thousands of people.
 kosovo serbs participated in the elections, indicating the importance of their attention to their self-government.
 markni was the headquarters of the ruf.
 the retention of " taipei's dignity " is now a sign of the new paintings.
 the official who requested not to disclose the names of the name said: " it is totally unfounded.
 in 1944 in 1944, rice was born in new zealand.
 in the tradition of traditional markets, two chickens have been attacking each other.
 details of the proposal, both in english and english, are now available at the site of the public inspection of the public inspection.
 it is because the dpp has a new progressive campaign.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a great number of employees to have choice.
 the claimant provides for export credit guarantees for exporters and contractors.
 with the assistance of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for implementation of the platform for action in various areas.
 the committee recommends that more attention is given to the accuracy of the accuracy of the requirements.
 according to the act of health care, estonia has the right to obtain medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union considers that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted from the world bank office in bangkok, saying: " nobody knows how many people know. "
 on the part of the present day of the " red scene ", the chinese people's publishing are published in liaoning.
 madam president, the secretary-general's secretary for today's death is to " diet ", and we do not want to keep him.
 in the light of the atmosphere, i might perhaps say a number of more things.
 the comments of the statute of the international court of justice were contained in the annex.
 after the performance, the audience was warmly enthusiastically to the members and staff of the community.
 i can also quote some examples, and some complaints have said that some chronic diseases have to be employed by a number of chronic diseases.
 the approved plan is necessary to reflect the proposal to reflect the latest developments in kowloon hang.
 in fact, all of them arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring that the national population of 2001 was more sensitive to gender issues.
 she has enjoyed all civil rights as a whole.
 all relevant departments will be involved in a variety of activities, ranging from prevention, and to prosecute the victims to the victims.
 with respect to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some instances, it would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters per hour of a small arms ammunition can be fired at a rate of about 15000 small arms ammunitions.
 secondly, the situation is tense.
 we will first act on the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded his daughter's daughter.
 moreover, there is no cash cash in the current peacekeeping level.
 my delegation is also very grateful to the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general, mr. e.e. opoo, to us this morning.
 a decline in foreign investment in developing countries is likely to trigger financial instability.
 an international seminar was held on 24 and 25 june 1998 with the government of the czech republic, on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as a result of the transaction only deals with the transfer of a banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged.
 this was mainly attributed to the concepts of the concepts of a number of countries that have been achieved or not in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has brought sick children and orphans<unk> the increase in the clan conflict has become more heavy to their suffering.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposed the general strengthening of civilian police to deal with complex operations.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia do not exist.
 young people about 19 per cent of the population of africa, which are about 19 per cent of africa's population growth, will increase.
 at the same time, hong kong has developed and developed countries, such as thailand, china, china, korea, korea and india.
 a typical consumers of the united states will take 1000 hours to 140 hours a year.
 i think that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a subject of playing.
 the office of oios urges the department to assist the department of disarmament to make financial commitments to the new shape of the member states.
 our financial position is better than the united kingdom, so it is absolutely not necessary to say that there is no danger that there is no danger.
 the image of la laden's image was at the end of 2004, but his deputy, in al-zawai, was often " face ".
 the 4 field is the establishment of national institutions based on rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the reduction of the government's reduction in the reduction of the waste plan, mr tam.
 mr martin lee said that the government does not respond to the answer.
 on the day before the performance of the performance, he made a clear picture of the photos of national music.
 the gross surplus accounted for 17.2% in 1995, a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict, children have a dominant position in society and children needs to be given care.
 the civilian population of the bosnian serb forces carried out military attacks against civilian populations.
 a spokesman for the department said that during a two-week survey of the survey conducted by a two-week survey, the overall response rate was nine per cent.
 the chickens have been tested in the delivery and blood test test, " the spokesman said.
 he said the secretariat hoped that the executive board would provide guidance on whether such practices continue.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres to iraq and extending 10 kilometres to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children who engage in family service work are girls.
 therefore, a number of measures have been established to ensure that the needs of female prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty).
 liu ming-yi's 1 step in taiwan is also because of the war to taiwan.
 the central meteorological channel is expected to affect the south china and other parts of china.
 the present section recalls the reasons that the right to food could be the cause of the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the oxon was piled into taiwan.
 the penal code and criminal procedure has been amended to strengthen the legal system.
 adequate legal sanctions against any person who engaged in weapons engaged in arms are able to promote compliance with the procedures for authorizing mandates.
 the government and the business sector has launched a series of activities to consolidate confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet company held the hong kong ballet company in hong kong.
 the director of home affairs, ms lee li-ming, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigration society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting was carried out by the forces of the military forces and the taliban of the taliban in the north-western region.
 the volume of computer systems in computer systems also triggered a great deal of data and the search for the search.
 this document will be included in the voluntary basis of the asean regional forum, indicating that there are major developments in the region.
 every day, soldiers said that it would be handed over to the same day.
 the more late the implementation of the mpf system will be, " the spokesman said.
 the committee was informed that the vehicle from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda came from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often look to people as the enemy, and therefore, they have no sense of solidarity.
 the railway system is an integral part of our transport system.
 under the provisions of the convention, it is recognized that troop-contributing countries are important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be my voters.
 through this time, china has been able to ensure that hong kong is a special representative of the asset class.
 it seems that, despite the author's intention to utilize this procedure, they did not make use of this procedure.
 as a result of the strategy, it is not to follow the good way for other people.
 the results will be released in july.
 in the face of the 1940s, johnson's works are more than half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill today has a great question that the bill will be implemented in the first half of this period.
 in the end of the united states, shahah was arrested on the 3 of the 3 of this month.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the vision of the hong kong economy in 2003.
 the economy also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas, production and processing.
 some experts indicated that the statistics have not been fully reflected in the size of the problem.
 as a result, we have to be bridged in different parts of the different regions.
 after the opening of the economic reform of the economic reforms in 1978, the exchange rate system has a black market, and a price price price for foreign exchange purchases.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, it has been established in the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that it has changed.
 we will continue to persuade the young people to have a very negative impact on health.
 part of the results are as follows: apart from the social research, pharmas, mathematics, agricultural and reading materials.
 this year, the total income of this year's year is $ 105500, which is nearly 24% higher than in the last year.
 these provisions should be made to the chinese side.
 non-colonial items carried out by historical cost in other currencies are based on the united nations operational exchange rate for the date.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 we have also ranked 2 consecutive years in hong kong, " the spokesman said.
 after the incident, i am aware that the doctor's friends have expressed strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " we need to introduce the latest land use proposed by the north-east of lantau, " the spokesman said.
 this has forced the bilateral negotiations to stop.
 to this end, member states have to pay assessed contributions to their assessed contributions on time, both in terms and conditions of their obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis.
 for more than half a century, mankind has lived in a long half a century.
 he said that as a matter of resolving these issues, the prime minister has established a prime minister.
 in all cases, the longer the time the time the time the time the time the time has been done.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the seriousness of the act is similar to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 the summary of the major accounting policy of these financial statements is a summary of the financial statements.
 in addition, there will be heavy rain in some parts of the southern south-east of yunnan.
 on behalf of the government and the people of the comoros, i would like to express our condolences to the families of the comoros.
 undp has not yet been conducting a plan to trust the structure of the undp structure.
 the bureau of the year 2000 consists of a vice-president, as chair, mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in the development of the right to the right to development, plans, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council (cc) has an average of about 70 examinations, which can accommodate approximately 3000 candidates.
 after the culprits fled by the culprit, the victim entered into the employer's sleep, and he disclosed the incident.
 authorities have announced today today.
 for example, the killings have been set up in the 3 phases, but it was late to do so.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been reduced by 30 per cent.
